---
published: true
---
## Starting the semester
It's been a long time since last time I posted... These past 4 monthes have been very chaotic, but finally I was able to arrive to my first year country, France. I will be going to the University of Lorraine for a year to study NLP! 

Despite the fact of the on-going COVID situation, I had a smooth experience with flying and entering the France. So that was good, but after the arrival came with lots of troubles. Well, I have underestimated the French bureaucracy. The accomodation I originally had got canceled due to some unknown reasons, so I had to find a different place and ended up with pricy studio. The new accomodation has somewhat big space and quiet enviornment, but the rent is on the pricy side and a bit far from the school so I am thinking of moving out. Unfortunately, all the good accomodation are gone at least for this semester so I might need to wait for few monthes until they have some spaces. 

Then there still left opening a bank account and getting a phone service... Seems like I need to make an appointment for everything and not many speaks English so who knows how long it will take to get everything settled.

Anyways on the bright side, I'm having a blast exploring the French supermarket. I mean I love cheese and bread so I don't think I came to a wrong country? 

City sightseeing-wise, not so much yet. Mainly I'm still feeling tired and don't want to get sick before the school starts (It's chilly in Nancy actually) and I think it's more enjoyable to go see things once I make friends. I mean, I've got 10 or so monthes so there is no reason to rush :) 

Overall things are going ok between me and France but hopefully it'll be better once school starts and will try to write more posts frequently!

Until then.
